Oh no, actually she might be tomorrow. It's fine. She's not gonna mark until the end of the year. I thought that's so bad for the stuff. Why? You know Lamsay yesterday? We're doing like the filling out the survey. Yeah. And Lamsa was like um explains the rules very clearly. Strongly disagree. He said it like he said it's so bad. Why would you do that? It's not like she's a bad teacher. Like she's really like it. I would do that to Madame Baez. Bro, Madame Baez is a good teacher who speaks French. Huh? He's a good teacher. And this kind of stuck in French. Yeah, I know, but like I just don't like her. Why? I don't know. Pisses me off. What if she taught English? Fuck no, she wouldn't know how to say the word hello. What if you taught like a different subject? I like her. Oh no. I like her, but I don't like her, so I would give her like modestly bad piece of shit. Or neutral. Oh, it's pretty good. Oh, no, I mean it expired yesterday. I wanted to do that survey for Hildebrand. Yeah, be for Lilderband. Yes. Do you like Hildebrand? So you're always not using hand method. Huh? Yes. I would like Miss Mabel. No, I really like Mr. Wayland. Is Miss Bell the one you're sitting with yesterday? I always mixed up. Huh? No, so Miss Whalen is a goat. Like you told you what to write. No, Miss Whelan doesn't like there is not nothing better than Miss Whalen. He's like devil. Alright. Well, I actually tried to make that. Mind McBeth this is Ashley class. Mine's only like 700 words. Yeah, same, but mine sounds very good. Okay. And then the conclusion's so bad. What did you write about? No, what is like what what did you write about? Like minds. Yeah. Yeah. Um the concept of a cancerous reality. Why is my attendance this year at 80%? I swear I think you're more than 80% of the time. Uh-huh. Absolutely. We know when you eat too much yogurt. Yeah. I'm present 76% of the time. Absolutely 20% of the time. That's that's the cause of the No, the excuse I excuse all my absences. Are you locked into your parents' house? Yeah. I just every time. Yeah. Every time I just put it and it's like because I do it during like what they consider stupid classes. Like B V A P A, everything like that, right? Yeah, yeah, it's pretty fun. Yeah, but it's a stupid class. Yeah, I know, but like it's not academic. You like it? No, I mean he's okay. He's chill, he's chilling. Like I mean, like I could see like it rather hates him because you know rapping splashes. What? Rapping some last year, actually. Like he was more behind us. Yeah. And then I'll talk to the language, like, yo, actually, this is your one chance to get paid back. And then you have to like sleepy technically. What do we have for asking? French, fuck me. Math, fuck. Okay. Okay, at least this is like that's not good, but it's not like it's not like that, right? But what I'm screwed for finals, like it seems a little simple because everything throughout the years are. Bio is iffy, but chem, pretend I haven't been to a single class. What are you doing on that side of the fear? Huh? What are you doing on that side of it? Nothing. I'm plugging my ears basically. Well I love Miss Corporate. Yeah, she's so nice. That's the problem. She's a great teacher, but she's teaching the wrong subject. I'd rather teach like a chill subject. Huh? I don't know. Actually like science is a good fit. Yeah, I know. Cause it's like you want a chill teacher on a hard subject. Like Lloyd? Huh? Like Lloyd. Loy was a chill teacher. She was. Now she's she's still semi-chill, but there's like uh elephant in the room when I talk to her. When I talk to her now, there's always an elephant in the room. No. Oh. Yeah. Yo, how long have you been on MOVID? Since grade three. Yeah, you saw that stupid? I'm incredibly smart. Everything except for school. For example, I can hedge bait. You're not good at Why are we such like Can you speak any other language? No. I mean like I can understand like like this Indian language, but like I can't speak. Good job. Yeah. I can understand it, but I cannot speak it. Wait, can you speak Vietnamese? Yeah. Speak to me in Vietnamese. Yes. Be like a dumpling. Omar is a kid. Omar later. And can you someone explain what this um chamber of secrets joke was? Apparently everybody says that MmB knows it now. Oh I said in front of the whole book. Why? But like what did you even say though? I was like I was talking about some like inside jokes, and like that's a lot of insight jokes in this or lots of memories. Like when Omar went to the chamber of secrets in English. If you know you, the Lambi was laughing back on it. What even happened there? Like Yo, remember English class when you slow, I have to go to the back room. And you're gone for twenty minutes. And then Lambi's I'll send us some letters like yo, Omar's definitely in the chamber of secrets. No, I have. But I don't know what the hell I don't remember it like well. Like I know what the chamber of secrets is, but like I didn't understand the concept. Huh? Twenty minutes, other than being in the chamber of secrets. Oh. I mean, like, if we want to be dead ass, I stamp I found Jaden in science class and we just went for a walk. Huh? No. Huh? Okay. Yo, was Ben at least when I won that all heart award? He he was like It was so funny. Yeah. I think it's like the best man. You know what I did today? Wait, our science isn't really doing for next week. Oh shit, a whole thing of chat. Okay. Why science is like 30 minutes of chat. The problem is there's a fucking test for this one. So actually like no, but the test is having that. No no no, but this one there's a test like finance. No no no, the three question test. Yeah, I know, but I've gotta get I've gotta get trying to print me for it after it writes my essay. I think my science gets already pretty good. Like for the IDU. Oh yeah, my science gets are gonna be great for the IDU because I had Eleanor in my gra in my group. The problem is you know what happened, right? They were talking, right? Like the Eldor and uh the other one was talking, Skylar, whatever the the other person who's of the Asian race, were talking. And then um there was and then there was me and Rampey, and we basically said nothing. And then she was like, So can you please explain the solution, Omar and Ram G. We were like, oh fuck. And then Ramsey's dumbass is the wrong thing. He says that CO2 goes up into the air, not to the bottom of the ground. Literally the opposite of what we're meant to say. And then she's like, I'll give you one more chance to redeem yourself. Finally after dinner. Yeah. No, but if I had spoken, I would have said the right thing. It was a 50-50 guess. Yeah, I know I I said it so well. But then and then she asked me like ten more questions, I just knew all of them because I got Eleanor. I think if Perkern just already liked it. Yeah. No, well if we had Miss Corcorn, that wouldn't have happened. Like that's what I don't like with Yeah, so you know she didn't ask no questions, she just listened the whole time. Who? Miss Corkin. I'll I'll just like say both things. Like, Ramji, yeah, Ramji said that shit with so much confidence that made her more mad. He said it like he was like you know like I should have talked slow and she was like possible, but why do you care now? Yeah, I know, but like I was like out in the bus on the one that's like this logo speaks, it's kinda too hard to understand. And then I stuck with nothing's like the editing closer than you think and then it turned off, she's really but don't you just hear that like stuff on a daily basis though? That's like that's so then it's like you're not on the good side anymore. She only teaches middle school here. Yeah, so you're just fine. I'm such an idiot. I'm I wore my retainers today, right? But I forgot the fucking case at home. Yeah. What's called things cloud time? Oh, you know I'm so screwed with Francisco. I don't really care. We're getting it back today. Getting a one, but fuck her. Just like I'm not doing it next year, I'm not doing Spanish next year, so we're good. Yeah. So it's like why do I care? And but my thinking was we get the grades back by the end of the before when the year ends, so my parents don't even care either. Last week? She didn't even release much next year. Yeah, I know. Doesn't there have to be improvement though? Huh? It looks bad on them if it goes down, not up. So she's just like, so in your final and my bumping up three. Even if you know it'd be awesome and that's what I'm saying. Can't they say the same? Yeah, they don't care. From when? The first time. But what's your average French grade? My average wasn't great. French. Uh I got a four last year. Because I got my grades last number five to five. Do you study for French? Like five, five, five, two. Like how much do you study for bread? Most of the time it's just like the night before or like right before class. I swear this is great. How does everybody just study the night before and it works? That doesn't work. I swear I've tried to pay attention. I don't know, I'm sitting with Eli. I was sitting with Chloe before. That's old bond. No, I know. I was thinking of another local phone because I'm not sure. What? Diego. What were you doing in Texas? Nothing. It wasn't even in Texas. Don't lie to me. Deadass? I wasn't in Texas. I was in Louisiana. If we want to be dead ass. I don't know. Is that where you go to my own? Maybe. I don't remember the words. How do you know that? What? What do you do for your social topics? What desk though? Why is Larry the Dexcale like a second store app? Wait. Can I make a coffee bank? Can you send it to me? Oh. Please. Oh, okay. Please. What? Yo, Mr. MacPhile sucks. Oh, I know. No, but the other social teacher is buns. Yes. I really like that. Huh? No, he thinks I have autism. He's always questioning me now. Yeah. What? No, it said aut just and then Mr. Boji walks by. He's like, What are you doing? And I'm like, nothing. I don't know. Wait. And he says my dumbass is fighting again because I was just like saying I was doing something wrong. And then and it like and then we talk for like twenty minutes, and then by the end of it, he was like, Okay, so what are you doing now? I was like, I was curious as to whether I have autism or not. But isn't that gonna show up for my searches? Yeah, but who cares? Who's checking your searching for autism test? Now every time I walk by, he's like, Oh, can you show me your project? Yeah, I haven't started the project. I have to show you a different project. I prefer to see I might have marked on this. Is that a small topic for check? I'd say so. All right. And they make other people behavior appear here. Yeah. Right. Come on, come on, come on. Uh yeah. Okay, but you have to get it from because you already know the question. No mindset uh you most likely have autism. So let's try to do it on the crap we opened up because I couldn't so good news so much. What? Yes, yeah, I thought it was a little bit more. Yeah, I'm glad you asked him. Why was Alec in the running middle school? Who else would it be? I don't know. I don't know if it's not a picture of it. You were not just taking the moment. Oh my. Oh, it's also important. You've got the function. So total sixty-four. What? No, what does it mean? I don't know. Let me see it. Cam, can let me see it. No, don't let me know. I'm doing okay, how about you? Um you guys are not to be on the last off. Oh no, I talked about it. You already for your lab? Yep. I need to catch up a bit. Okay. Um what are we going to start studying for five like? Isn't the lab like done? Once the last is uh so we got the lab stuff that's there. And then we're gonna go. I wish you had a I I don't know what we had a create A now to grab it. That was my target. Um we need chemistry. Yeah. Chemistry but uh no. Yeah, chemistry bottom. Okay. Yeah, so I'd have those. You know did you already mark the IDs? Well I marked it straight after. Like the top two diamond with the things that like the stuff. But everyone else that I work is off the work. Unless there was someone that we recognize was not putting their face. But how about the one? Yeah, they've been covering all this stuff. Yeah. I don't think I'm worried about my side. And then you can decide it. Yes. So basically it's going to do everything too. So maybe you have to see all the bags and touching their bag. So they can't turn it around. Yeah. I can't let it turn the call everyone else. I got ice things. This is an inside joke. Yo, why? Like it wasn't even that big of a. No, he told Miss Roy that. I love Miss Roy. Tell me, how do you like your English? Huh? A magician. Huh? No, she Okay. I will explain the story. It's a story time. So she said, I cheated on my m my poetry essay, okay? Then uh then I proved to her that I didn't cheat on it. And then she's like, I still think you cheated on it. So then I went to Miss Whalen and I proved to Miss Wayland I didn't cheat on it, and then she went back to her. And then she was like, okay, I agree you didn't cheat on it. But she's like, your your mark is still really bad, right? But why? It's a good essay. Like it's not like a three-three kid, i if you really think it's a shit essay, it's not a three-three, it's probably a four-four or a five-four, right? It's not a three-three essay. Okay. And then she's like, no, it's uh it's a three-three or you rewrite it. So I'm like, basically you're just you're just saying that I didn't use AI just to sh get me to shut up and then just make another excuse. Right? And then Miss Wayland tried to fight back again. So she's gonna try to fight for you to find it. Yeah, again. Like she fighted she bought three times with me, and Miss Roy wouldn't budge. Right? And then Miss Lloyd's like, just write the essay to the best of your ability, I'll give you a good mark on it. I just want I want you to prove to yourself that you can write a good essay. I think I'm already gonna get a seven for you. So I think I'm gonna get a good mark on that one, and then there's this essay, okay? So now I have to do magician ways. So my this essay is why I do it every day. Huh? Whatever it is. You're not being watched by securely. But the good thing is seeing it. No, Lloyd, you you would you there's a way to get around that. Just do the essay. You're working on the harder that's what's the hardest nothing took like two hours actually. Yeah, but that's so much like not funness. What do you mean unless you wrote it? Huh? Imagine so five. She's just here. Wait, send me your socials. You have to see it has to be. Yeah, because I need two examples for it to make a good one. That's why I want Diego's too. I promise Harry, you must be discussing a scorecard. So don't worry about it. It's class line and you need to know. Oh, actually. So it's fine. It's fine. Tomorrow. Wait, tomorrow's half day, by the way. Like, we don't have English. Like the last two periods. Oh my god, I finished my left with editing personal page. She's like, yo, I'm not really right. Actually, I I'm like, but I're not I'm not finished there. I'm like finished. Okay. I think it goes like you know books and shape. I think the go we finished everything, we'll like go online so good. So actually we had it? No. I didn't begin middle and end. Is that the act? Yeah, you bought the two fucking. Yeah, I'm gonna I'm averaging a six in the every class and seven math English and sign. You're not averaging a seven-inch science idiot. No, you've got a four in science. Remember, I talked to her. Which one? Like I averaged six last turns. Oh yeah, why? Your average seven. What time is it, do you know? 840 something. Did you have that? I don't like uh. Oh, yo, yo, yo, I actually asked who on, I know this guy's in his three pocket and three. Oh god, this guy wants like MVP for software, MVP for like JV and yeah, it's who else wants. I want all our U1 both. Oh, he's doing a side of one. That means you went down. Wait, hold on. You're one to talk. Oh my god, three seconds, one game. I don't talk. Yeah, you went zero seconds in that same game. Doesn'll tell you most hard. All right. All hard. That'm not gonna voice out. I wouldn't get all that. No, you know Ben was catching up. Oh yeah, Ben was. You know, I sent him a photo of like Bill Ward about Melissa, where's your award? He's so mad. I think he came to me before. And I said to him, yo, Ben, further up the bank today. I hope you went all hard, bro. And he was like, made the best man win. And then he walked away like so mad. Like I could tell he wanted it so bad. I don't know if Ben went all hard, though. I voted for him. I voted for you. I didn't get I don't think I voted out. Fuck you. I'm never all God, all God, I've never put Omar for anything. Oh god, for 36, 7, 8, and 9, nothing I've voted for Omar. Promise. Promise. I'd rather vote Esau than Over. I then I think Ish one beat Omar and one D. Yeah, he was. No, he would not. Low T dash Cat. Also, I have like good vision. Yeah, I can like see good pattern. Like would you score in your own casket? That would be very fast, though. This is a very big. I know you tried to act like it was bad, but it was a tough moment. We all celebrate. The whole bench ran up in front of you, okay? And the whole lot. All the benches ran. Omar's tough events anymore. Like this guy absolutely did dogs shit at all. And then he comes to Man City and he just makes up whole shit. Yeah, this guy. So we post stuff, right? He gets the ball, like in the middle where Ethan Wayne usually stands, just goes like this. And I'm supposed to like why'd you shoot that? And then it'll make it like Omar, you're sorry. Omar. Me, Omar, Finn, Schultz, and Declan. And no Ben. And then who else? No. Josh, a different Josh. Uh probably not damage. Ben's a bum. No, Ben's looking. Wait, is so red by center? What got Omar's? Oh, Ben's a better power. Ben was actually lying. I'm the best player on the team. I start every game. He actually did that. This is the upper point. And it should put up and then they said sorry. Every time you put a crap on the rest of the thing. But like no, yeah, it's like race is like page or whatever. Yeah, because I was good. I I almost fell asleep in the case. I'm gonna basically die. Yo, allergy pills do nothing problems. I've had about two hours ago, I still have the. No, no, no. Take you go to the allergies and they give you like Hold on, shut up. No, they give you the shit to make the allergies go away. Huh? You have to book an allergies appointment and ask them, and then it's like this grass tech thing. And if you have like pollen allergies, they can go like the and you take them for two years and then they go away for the rest of your life. But but you can't get it. It's like the pills are the allergies, but in the micro doses so that they go away over the like two years and then they you know how. Oh yeah, because my mouth don't pay for it. It's insurance, idiot. You know the price of the insurance goes up after you. Does not you does not? Oh god, you know, on Monday, uh Tuesday I'm gonna trade with Kai. I go back, come upstairs. No, okay. Monday night I'm like, okay, if I call it for you, just create the car microphone. Oh, I was like, oh, it's probably designed why is this small? I'm like, uh computer, right? Go straight next morning. Come back here and then like just saying for the math critic. Like, what math critic? Like the math can eat this dude today. I was like, oh my god, for those design. No, but on God I actually asked two questions. Yo, oh my, I gotta apply for three rooms. I started at five hours and answered, yeah, and it says I have a couple of features in this email. From yeah, from I'm not ready to do that. Where? Where is the school located? In DC, like I would even highlight. Oh my god. I promise you though none of us. I think in a different way, but it was still right. Like, no, you explained just. You had Miss Low. No, I didn't. Oh, for home, it doesn't matter. But besides She's so nice. Love Poker. No, it's oh yeah. Oh, you just have to do it. I literally asked him, like, yo, can you tell me on my old chat? No, Miss Corkin pulled up chat GBT for me. We were at the right. I was like, okay, yeah. I was like, I was studying, right? I thought everything I frown. And we get the learning center because they already did it. And then I too really I asked the 70 but she's like, oh wait, let me search that up. I just showed you the ads or whatever. Well that's what Miss Wayland does. No, if you can do that next year for this, like it's part of the last time. Yeah. There's always but the people are not as nice. Yeah. So you probably have like two lines, which is like two nine, and then I'm like six by six fire and it's like you look at me like I just won't say enjoy it. Yeah, wait a minute. Yeah, I want her back. Oh, I have a photo like my things like they're up, right? What's your name? I'm like literally see the screen. Like I can just say the name she's like off camera. What's your last broke? Yo, like you think that has photographs any number of that's not the one she's watching the girl. Yeah, throw me over. Yeah, it's so much there's always alive now. No, she might have. She doesn't want the whole day. Huh? You know, five years actually. They were like soft because my software like holds on the top of it, like right here, right? And then like my and then my brother's like pounding. But he got basketball shoes two months ago. And I got my software, I've been wearing them for two years. Right? So like we go to some software express, right? And you didn't have to commit that walk, right? So I was like, my dad's like, okay, did you get these commutes? But you have to get all six that you're assessed, be nice to your brother, not fight for mother for the rest of you they're like why? Like, doesn's the matter. I think it I was like, two hours later, two hours later, you think my brother was off to be basketball. Compression. Basketball, basketball should be short, saw, yeah. Oh, will we bomb? It's a fridge bait. Oh god, no process of prayers. She logs View Cook Bench I'm better. Your brother mugs you, you idiot. Yes, he does. Then I can like ask him back on the camera. Yeah, no, I don't care who it is, but like for the whatever test, I need to have someone. She's just so funny. In the only badge. I was actually banished me for like three different things. Yeah, no, you actually have. I'm gonna be like, I think I would focus better if I could like clarify someone if I have any flights because it's like three attitude. Okay. And she's gonna put me out to like some Chinese buff or something like that. Okay, the thing is that like I kept asking her, like, she put me in like far back corner by myself, and then like and then next seating class, she like moved me, but it's I stood by myself, and I'm like, yo, I need to sit with something. And she just didn't listen with me. And then I just started sitting next to Lady, and then she's like, she worked really well with uh this chemistry. That's not what happened. No, no, you don't know what you're bro. But she like actually just like I don't know, she just randomly she did you and she's just vanished. You actually just discussed her with someone. Oh my god, who's blasting Brazilian fucking dancing wasn't even doing his French? I just never heard of it. We have her thing our. I know exactly next time. No, no, I don't think it's fair. Like, there's just no point to really carry on it. Like, it'll be good to do it. Like skills are next year. But I can't like care about like the C O D, C O D C U L. I don't remember. I genuinely can't remember anything about French. No, no, no. In the last like two years. Anything like we spent like we spent like three months on past, and I generally like barely. Yo, I've been in Fen since great three years. The thing is, you know, I was also like like I've literally been doing French like the whole time, but it's like I don't know. I had trained it. Oh like to export it into access or sports. Jacob, is that Yasis? Why you is that actually work though? Oh, why did you think of the dad is a good thing? Oh boy, it's not a lot. Oh man. Diego Nader. Why do you have a fucking no-name? Huh? Diego Nader. It doesn't work. Y'all give it to you. What does she call you? No, like what's her pet name? No, no, they're not trusting. Who? I have to ask her to even. What? Who? Who? What? When? Where why? Oh my god. Miss Roy. Diego and either. Oh my god. And then we can't. I made all the scary. Just walk away. Why did you have that friend so easy to raise it? Bro, well, I think one word you said bad. Oh, I want you to bad. No, you don't want you wouldn't mean what you think I think. Why didn't we have we had winning again? I mean so that we have to go to the right. Oh my god, the dream man. Oh my god. You didn't check for the I think that's a good one. I think you want to go. Wait, let me see. Okay. So what do you want to do uh the one thing uh for the chat make lamp so uh hopefully we have some time to do the lab or so it can help the help we want. But first of all I want to give you the speaking assessment back. Oh, alright. Yeah. And so I'm gonna give them to you and then we talk about the reflection. So you can open your computer just in the takes five seconds to to release your brain because we'll release grace, so just start in there. You know what the trick is? You are here next to some charges. All right, sorry. All right. Show polls then show it again. Well, I don't have a charge. Alright. So that's release. Oh my God. Remember you don't have remember you don't need to ask anybody for her grade. This is uh you, right? This is about you about nobody else. Diego. Yeah. You can change change race right now. You need to do that right now. Sorry. So uh if look at the rubric to explain your brain, as you know we don't give feedback most of the time to in sommative assessments. We did in the formative and we did that for you guys this before this assessment. However, if you still have questions, make an appointment with me or come to see me and we can talk about it because I would have to listen to it again to to talk about it with your 50 something of you so. Alright, so uh now that you've seen your grade and you've seen your rubric, uh mask your computer for one second, that's not mask because we wanna write the reflection. You're gonna write a reflection, but I wanted to explain with action. We're gonna do similar but different this reflections today. Um because next year some of you are going to you're keeping French, but some of you are going to standard level, some of you are going to extend it. Some of you maybe are choosing to go to Spanish A B Nisho, and some of you may be choosing to go to Mandarin A B initial. All of those are your choices. Right? The Spanish and Mandarin start at the beginning, but from the ADP. Mandarin, I don't know, but anyway, start from the beginning. And then French, shrench test is mostly it's a lot of review in the standard and extended. A lot of review to prepare for the DP. So if you still go into French and you feel the things that you didn't understand, you didn't quite learn, there will be a review for you in this end before you go into the elemental. So what I want you to do for this reflection, this may be the last reflection that you do for French, because you do your writing assessment and you do your listening, and I don't think I see you after that. So for this reflection, I still want you to write one thing or two things that you did well, and then two things that you can improve and how will you do it? But think about next year. What you are doing next year, and think about like okay, for this assessment and for the whole year in general for French in terms of speaking. I did my homework, I listened to the quiz, then I talked to Madame Nieroff, and I talked to my friends in class often in French, and I'm gonna do that. Two things that I need to improve, like the vocabulary I didn't do as well. I'm going to memorize the vocabulary for day one in any language that I do. Right? So try to think about next year how you're gonna make your language here next year and in the DP better. Okay? So get your computer. But I'm very interested in this reflection of yours because it's only deal more than Diana. Three times. You're talking, don't you? All right. The reflection is called it's an SA, it's another green FA is under your uh brain. And it's called reflection in the set one. So this is the one that you're looking at, reflection in the set one. I'm gonna pull a timer. Please write this reflection. I think six minutes will do. So just write this reflection and think about it here. And then I'm gonna try to take a second. And you can also reflect on like uh languages in general. Like what would you do like here in general? So you grab the the language rule by your horns and move and run with the Jan and it shouldn't be something you should be typing. I don't know what we're doing. I did just have five minutes, I we gotta get going. There's a bunch of things to do to this. Yes. Well today uh listen to yourself. Listen to yourself because I listen to the audio and you got a feedback from that for uh Yeah, there's listen for a little bit of maybe a meeting. Those are the things that you need to to talk about. I know we don't give uh you know, we don't we are not required to give uh feedback on the function. But if you don't know what you're writing, but if you don't know what you need to do, look at the rubric and listen to yourself. Take a minute to listen to yourself and get your own mistake. Or look at the feedback of the practice as well, probably you made the same thing. Is that you're finished with your reflection? Yeah, but you know, follow your AP to buy it in charge. So you get in touch. Okay. So meet the reflection please and then you need to go to follow to French those today's class. If you were already the next thing to it first, you don't need to fill out this survey, you're probably filling it out for other for other classes. You wanna fill it for the next two or three weeks in different classes. Uh we have a different exception to do this survey. It's number two. This survey will take you like seven minutes, but please uh be as simple as possible just because uh you know, all of us need to do this survey to try to to change things. So please do this right now, Aiden. You have open computer and you need to do this survey because if not, there's no way to open it. If not all of you completed, that's the point. So get report. So please go to total and find the survey if you don't see a refresher is number two right here. And I'm gonna put a seven minute um title. You didn't, probably before the seven minutes it's just 20 questions. So eight classes and then you can sign on the way you need to do that. Because it's not gonna take four efforts. There you go. Yeah. If you finish with a survey, move on instead of there and then move on to uh under a number two. Don't need your survey, it starts homework. Read these two things. These two things are in preparation for you, writing settings. So it's starting that, you are learning how to write an email, a formal and informal email. And that's what you will be doing for writing a subject. June, June, June. Monday, June first and Thursday, June fourth. Yeah, but it's not. No, we're not doing that. Yes, it must. Yeah, we're gonna have to go in and then it could be like the running in. Uh sorry. Well, I'm probably not. No, I'll be able to quite think on that. All right. Please submit that survey and close your computer mapping. All right. So maybe it's connected. Thank you. So uh we're gonna finish the in a second. Um if we have time we'll do this document between the difference between Tabua and Connecticut know. I think you know the difference, but here this document has all the chances. And we're doing that two review and also because you're doing user in your writing assessment. Uh for homework, you will have to write those two documents that you started writing. The two documents, one is a formal email, one formally mail example. But for your writing assessment, you will have to do that. And Monday, you have to read them for homework because on Monday we're doing a writing practice in class. And if you are prompt, then you'll have to do a writing practice in class. You also have to read a sabwagan connector, just read it. And then in class uh you can use this document in writing classes on Monday. As you can see here, set have been days, uh have been set for writing and listening assessment. Writing assessment you do Monday, June 1st, and you're listening, you do Thursday, June 4th. After this week, I see you have seen class Monday, but that Monday after this assessment is down home and there's early missing home. So I probably just did you for the 20 minutes or 30 minutes then. And after that, I don't see you anymore. You have minor assessments, and then you have a special schedule, and you have GS. So it means that you need to be sure that you are here for this assessment. If you have a dentist appointment or any other appointment, cancel it, change the date. Because you need to be here for these uh these assessments. You will be really hard to try to find intercatch on this assessment. I don't have any other assessment. If you don't take it, I don't know what happens because I don't have anything else to give you a break. So make sure you're in class doing those to do those assessments. If you are sick and you know you are not here, then we figure something out, but it's fun because you guys are really really busy after this week. Uh there's this document right here that I already have it in total for you guys to use. Vocabulary that we have seen for this unit, grammar, and the speaking assessment you already done, but there's things to review there. And uh we're gonna do a listening practice in class, we're gonna do a writing practice on Monday, and that's pretty much that. We don't have to cover anything else after Lamperatif and Sabuanne connect. In theory, we should cover six clauses, but I don't think we have time for that. We'll do that in great time. Oh yeah, questions? Yes. Oh, my example? Yeah. You mean? Yeah, you have to do 100 to 130 or 150. I just do sometimes examples longer to fit things that you have some uh some examples, but yeah, you cannot pass 130 or 150. I want to decide how much I want. I feel like it could be strange for it. So when it could be 130. Well, it can be 130 to 150, and I understand that the example is not exactly, you know, the 150 on the dot, but I'm pretty sure that you I can, you know, you can take 10 words out and it'll be 150. Right? The 130 I understand is a little bit too short, but I'm trying to decide how much you need to have for an email, 130 or 150. Right? But uh, you know, at the same time, you do have to learn how to chop your work. It is what it is in the IV, they stop great. Is it that, yeah? It's not my rule, but I understand what you mean. 130 compared to 150 is a lot, it's 30 words, it's a lot. But it is 150 then, you know, it's just 10 words that you need to chop, it's not too bad. Any other questions? All right, so find this um let's finish my lampeati. Find this paper. And indeed, you don't need your computer anymore, you can go back to the way you see it. It's okay. Uh you have to have papers. Because I gave you papers. Oh, I don't have any. I don't have any more than one. So either bring yourself a copy or find it at home. We're done with this type of the paper, so because you remember about lampe at this with this uh use the story. No, we did it shh. We did this with you before you went into the soul center. So tell me, what do you remember? Let's see. Isha! Uh yes, sir. Yes, sir. Tell me. What do you remember about this? Anything that you remember? I get your paper. What do you remember about this? I remember that already. We have to like qualificate it. Um I'm not usually after that. It's a long time ago. Yeah, it was a long time ago, but look at your paper, look at the screen. What do we remember? One thing, Janet, we. Yes, very good, right? L'imperative, you don't need a subject. So the imperative as you see it's on your right or new paper. You don't have a subject. Very good. We got one thing. You're telling someone to do something? Yes, it's to give orders or commands, right? And sometimes it's to let you something. Very good. Yes, yeah, no. Uh also no, um, we have a two thing. They're just those three. What else? Do you remember anything? But do you understand what everybody's saying? Um I don't think I remember. Oh, okay, then then make sure that you pay attention because this will be useful for the verbs on for the one we drop. For year verbs for the regular year verbs, there's plenty of them. You drop the S for the two and for what else? Which other verb? Of ear, yeah, oppri, right? Eh. Right? For these verbs, regular year verbs, ale to go, with leaf to open or bit to offer, you drop the S for the two. What else do you remember? What else do you see? There's a lot of things other people that say, but what else do you see? What else is it talked about? Yes, very good. You use the present tense to form the amperative. Very good for the two new and boo, and you drop the two new and woo, very good. What else? That's it? Yeah, I think that's it. Oops. Uh that one you take on it. All right. Sorry about that. I found too harsh. Are you okay? Well, Tilda connects, you have it on your paper. So we did uh oh, what do you use the shh what do you use the operative two for? Who are we talking to with a two? A single person will attack a person though. Or like you know. Informal, very good. Somebody that you know, maybe a friend of somebody in your family. Yes. What else? Uh what do you do with a new? Who are you talking to with a new and what are you doing? Yeah, that let's yeah, as well, let's do something. We're not giving an order or a command. We are uh invited uh uh to do something, right? And what do we do with a book? Why do we use alternative for book? You formal one person or you all right? Very good, good job. I don't know what's going on, but I'm fine. They will connect that on point, you have it on your paper. You have the three look at your paper, you have in the back of that on the side of the the other side of the paper, you have these regulars. You have a bois who have F to be savoir to know facts and bullois to one. You have those with regular that look kind of funny. If you don't have them, please copy from somebody else that you didn't copy from the screen because you were talking with Madame I don't know what it was not you. Sorry okay did we do and that's that's just what as we went with you know we did the verb pronomino right what are verbinous reflexive verbs that they have the se or the or the f apostrophe right se la bouche son dormir all of those what do we do look at your paper and tell me what do you do because I cannot show you on the screen what do we do you have to have a hyper and you only do it with the two e boo but what happens with the two yeah it changes to the and then you say wash yourself let's remember or see or wash your hands whatever you need to do. Okay. As you can see in your paper there's a couple videos that you can take a look if you're interested in more about best pronominos and lamperative if you need a different way to see things. And then let's finish with with this how do you make the negative you how do you make the negative of uh of imperative verbs look at your example in your paper how do you make a negative order yeah sorry takes it around 12 verb so it's like no face has perfect. Always the ne pa always calls the verb. Always, always, always. And in this case, you're gonna do the same. And then for if you have a reflexive verb, you're gonna post both of those things, the reflective pronouns and the verb. And that's it. So this is what we're gonna do now, and then one more thing, and that's it. And then I'll let you practice with it. Can you take one of the papers to the back? All right. Shh. So we we're gonna have to you wanna follow on your paper because the screen doesn't wanna work. So it says number five, the negative form of imperative verb. In negative commands and order not to do something, we we place the ne and the pa and fill in the blank with around the imperative verb. So we place the ne in the first line there, we have to fill in the blank. We place the ne and the pa around the imperative verb. Around the imperative. Read with me. It says five, the negative form of imperative verb. In negative commands, an order not to do something, we place the ne and the pa around the imperative verb. Around the imperative verb. How did they do this one because you're gonna you have that at home, so it'll be okay because you're gonna lose this one. So around the imperative verb, and you have some examples there, and it says also in the negative commands used with pronominal verbs with reflexive verbs, the reflexive pronoun is less in front of the verb. So then the fact hopes both of them, right? So you have an example there. Don't need this nothing. And then underneath you have new fashion pas pour rien. That one is a reflexive verb to get mad with something. Let's not get mad or reste pas là and rien faire, don't stay there, nothing to do. So you see as you see the no and the pause, the verb, or it's got a verb no, you go call the pronoun and the verb. Okay. Numerous number six, the imperative used with direct or indirect object pronouns in affirmative sentences. When you do a negative in the in the exercise, but usually affirmative sentences, this is what you do. He says there when used with a direct or indirect object pronoun, such as mois to li, le la, le du le, we place the pronouns, and you have to fill in this blank. We place the pronoun directly after the conjugated verb. We place the pronoun directly after the conjugated verb. And as you can see, you can you have to have a hyphen as well. So the fill in the blank on that line is we place the pronoun directly after the conjugate verb. So after the affirmative verb, right? And then you have a hyphen and look at examples. Apport de laine, the books, bring them. Le pain, a chet on le the breath, the fire. La P and V T and by first. Why? Look at examples and tell me why do you need that hyphen there? Look at examples. What will happen if the hyphen is not there? So look at the samples of C or Day and C O E. What will happen if the hypens are not there? Why the hyphen need to be there between the the reflexive verb? Not the reflective after the imperative, and then you put the C or D, C O E. Why does it have to have a hyphen? It says right there, whether that you need to have a hyphen. What's the different meaning? Right. Right, so it's right there. If you have a little hyphen, then it says bring them. Right? The books bring them. But if you don't have the hyphen, it just says bring the T A G, right? The article. Bring the, bring the what? Then it's a sentence that is not finished. So you have to have those hypens with T or T or A theory. Alright. Do you have any questions about imperative? I think it's really quite easy. And you will use it in your email. Um that you're gonna write for writing a temple. So let's do the little practice and then I'll let you do this on your role. So look at the practice of the back, and let's do the first one together. And then I'll let you do. So the first one says fermet vos livres améliatement. What does ferme I mean? Two? To close. What is the you wanna have three, right? The two, the nu and the boo. What is the imperative for fermet on the two? Ferm. But no s, right? Because we drop the S as a regular year verb. What's for the nu? Ferm, right? And what's for the who? Ferme? Right. Very good. And then you drop this one? So that's your imperative, right? What one do you want for the first one? Ferme, why? Because it says vo. The vo means your but it's formal your. Or or plural you. So if I tell you you in class, ferme voligame that the book closed, you'll go to. So this is what you have to do. You can uh you know reflect about the three options that you have and then choose one. Okay. If you don't remember something, please ask. But this is what you need to do right now. If you finish with this, let me know, and then you will have depending on you're going to French or Spanish or Mandarin, I'll suggest what you need to do. You don't need your computer to make sure that it's just any paper. Thank you. Well I hope. Does this have too? Do you have any questions? So that's the I know actually. Oh wait. I'm not sure. Oh wait, I know about it. Yeah, so where are we doing? I think you're talking and you don't do anything at all. If you do it wrong, I will have to each other. I feel like I won't because it's like what you want to do that'll be just oh I know. Like so long job would be at the cinema. And let's do it. Um exactly okay. No, we don't have to go back to the girl. No, I'm just going to use a row. What's the point of having all of these? Oh good. Oh that's not a good thing. How would we get the um change? Yeah. No, I think that's what I mean. Ah, I feel like I think I don't know. And I don't think we put it out. Huh? Yes, but I don't care. Huh? Um Huh? No, it's uh yes, but I'm not in touch with you so I don't really care. Huh? I wish I'd never switched. Oh yeah. I didn't want actually I like in the summer I had the option I said no. My parents just switched like middle of the year for some reason. Huh? Huh? Yeah. What? Yeah. Huh? Oh that's funny. I always have my tasks are always gonna be scanning my text and never come back with white text. Like I call out every time I tap everything that I need to school, know what to scan so you scan a document for any hidden instruction. Like when we I think that we have to read a single word in the box. Huh? Did you find it? Use audio. Huh? Did you find a white text on the social store? Huh? It tells you what can you do your whole social. It tells them it tells it tells the like if you have to write use the word audio suddenly somebody you're social and comma. Audio. I don't know. Read read it and just check it and then redo it. Huh? You chatting your socials, right? They put white text in they put white text in there so your AI would get giveaway and you chatted it. You have to tell the remote the document. Huh? Because Cam just told me. They haven't marked it, you can unsubmit it. I don't know your scan. Give it the chat, tell the scan for white text. It will come up with something. Yeah, exactly. Any hidden instructions. I know, but it's just an amateur video. Very nice. If you're done with this exercise, if you're going into French, go to Toron and who go do the differentiation exercise. If you're not going into French next year, you need to do the homework. The homework is to read those two documents and to read the Savoy versus connect. You need to read that and kind of take note to make sure that you understand because you're doing a writing practice on Monday without computers without nothing. So we take it on the SOE. Okay. So maybe one car is a new double. Okay, so what do I use? We have to rewrite it. Oh my god. Okay, should be the idea. Don't forget I don't think you're selecting that. Are you guys going to push this? Then go to someone you need to do. Okay, you can have that. So well, what does that feel, right? So it's gonna be replaced by this case no because the bone is the one that is saying imperative in two. So the guy is just gonna be used to know that it's imperative in two. So both that I can do. Maybe it's present then is the one that you say. I will get down there. Oh yeah. I don't know if it's and then what's the end? Yeah. Because it's it's uh and my screen. Okay, what is it? Yeah, very good. I'm not gonna go. No, I can I didn't want to I'm not saying that's the question, I'm saying answer the question. You answer the question. So two. So the conjugation is dropped the RD and then try it. Yeah, my computer will actually nine. All right, so about do you use this? What did you think of the trial? Because in French you have to be able to what do you do? What but the book? Do it like give me something. That's what I mean. Somebody in the other couple or people that didn't exercise gave me something and they had quite a tone expecting and I figured out like ways to use it. I think it's one Craft Ohio. Oh, that was a good one. No, I just got to say somehow. Oh yeah, you were not. Oh. Why did I think it's not access? So I don't know. I trust the new one. Okay. So you could either do it, you don't work out. I think it's a good idea. I don't know that you go for it. I'll let you go in one second. This paper, the one that you were doing at the beginning with Amber T regular with the blankets. If you don't know or if you want to see your answers, please use the word reference as right here at the end. But it needs to be done. I checked up or then the other problem is to be all the words for uh practice and robot. That's good though, huh? Let me see. Uh yeah, it's good. We're excited. I'll see you later. Me? No, it's a little bit more. Oh. Yeah, sir. Actually, it might be might be Ben. No, it'll keep no, it could it could be you. No, we said I have likely time. Yeah, exactly. Oh, did you get close in the point by the way? Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. Did he hear me? I just think I just saw it. I don't know, maybe you know something. I don't think first of all like you'll wet it every more. I just teleport. No, no, that that's been a lot more. Wait, what do you want? No, no. Delego. The gaggles. The gaggles. And then we're going to go. I swear. Yo, you have to do a race today. You need to do a call. Like a person play. Yeah, Jake. I can't just call it. What? Oh wow. This is okay. Yes, sir. No more highlights. I wasn't here. No! So maybe it's definitely that's like this. I think it doesn't matter. No, I mean, I don't know. I thought I'd solve it's all like no one on the case. I'm gonna memorize my PA on the way up. I don't know if it's this. I don't want to lie. Oh lucky. Oh wait, no one goes off. That's kind of what I was just saying that's really supposed to close your eye and half the time. Where's Aliman? Oh no, I think I gold. Yeah, we should take this to work. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. What a team are you on? No. No, I'm like on the other divorce. Yeah. Yeah, div one D. Oh you know. This guy named like uh Lucas. Lucas, yeah. Luke is what? I don't know. I don't know if it's the last name. So who else you go too long? I think it's like um and sweet. No, it's no. And there's like this um we're both doing that for the I don't know my T I know it's offered. No, I'm on dip one day. I'm really good at it. Okay, but also I swear it's really funny. You know, like you need to go to practice then you can like still get blue. I know you're getting a guy back. You look so tan. Thank you. Were you out getting like a big tanny guy? You know, the UVs were up, so all out for me. I can kind of get it. My dad's arms are too much. I have no idea about the report. Okay, great on my reception up here. Five. Turn your body to the front. And four. Three, two, and one. Thank you. Okay, we are gonna get started here. It's been a while since I've seen you because of IDU, all sorts of stuff. So there's a couple of um scheduling things I want to talk about, a couple of announcements I want to let you know about. Okay. Uh I want to obviously address the first uh if if you've heard the news, I am leaving Mulgrave. So my last day at Mulgrave is actually next Friday, so a week tomorrow. Um we are leaving because we were moving to Ontario where I have accepted a position as a firefighter. So just because of the timing, we have to leave a little early. So what that means for you, everybody, is a handful of things. And some of these things affect everybody, some of them, some of it is more specific to certain students. Okay. First of all, as you should know, you have a criteria AC exam at the end of the year. Okay. I will still be marking those. So they're going to scan them all to me and then I will mark them. With the exam, everybody, it is not half marks, it's not, it's just you got it. Sorry, there are half marks, but there's no feedback. I just check it that you did it correctly or you did not. Okay, if you did make a mistake, I'll give you some credit for it, but it is very much like a checkbox or not a checkbox. Okay. There's no communication mark given. It is just a criteria A assessment for the school. Alright, I will be marking it still. In terms of the timing of everything, today, like I told you way before, is our last day of geometry in terms of the only four lessons. So if you were away or you were missing it, it was up on Toddle for you to look at. Okay. Today we are looking at the volume of 3D-shaped spheres, cones, and pyramids. Okay? That's where we're at today. I'm going to have all of your marks ready to go except for your exam by the end by next Friday. Tomorrow, you are starting a two-part assessment, a two class assessment, where you will be calculating the volume and surface area of buildings. Okay, we'll talk about that when the time comes tomorrow. I have all of your cry your coordinate geometry marks. I have them all marked. Okay. With how much time I gave you and all of the resources I gave you, I'm a little disappointed with some people in this room. And I think those of you guys that who remember, okay, and you know that maybe you left a lot of questions blank or really were lost. That was a surprise for some people. I will give it back to you today, but I need them back because not everybody has written it yet. Okay? So that is the that's the piece about the criteria ACs. Tomorrow's assessment is your criteria D. It will be due next Thursday, and I'll have the marked to you by Friday. Okay. You guys are at that point, all of your assessments are done for the year except for the exam. So you will have a good idea of where you are sitting until your exam. Okay? Pretty straightforward. You would have two criteria B's, two criteria C's, two criteria D's, and then you're probably up two or three criteria A's at this point. Or towards the end of the year. Okay. If you have any further questions about marks or anything like that, please let me know. But again, next Friday is my last day. So anything in terms of beyond that, you'll have to talk to Mr. Lee. Now, I don't exactly know who's taking over for you full time. It sounds like Mr. Pryor is going to take over for a couple of the few of the classes, and then as well, another math teacher will also be one of the teachers. I don't know, it all depends on whose schedule fits. After next week, though, you guys are on full exam prep. All of your lessons will be exam prep. So I think there's four or five lessons before your exam. It's just going to be reviewed. Okay. I will upload it early so you can, if you want to start accessing it early, you absolutely can because I you'll when you look at your latest criteria AC, you probably would be like, I needed more time to prepare, and you will have all that information available to you. Okay? Uh does anybody else have any questions as of right now? Okay. Yes and yes. Yes, Mr. Prior's map. Okay. Okay. So everywhere. Today we are looking at volume of these shapes. So let's make sure this works. Here's where these are what you need to be able to do. You need to be able to calculate the volume of spheres, cones, and pyramids, and then calculate and use volume units. Good? So remember that volume is the space taken by a 3D shape. We use cube units for that. So you might have something like seven meters cube, meters cube. You can even have uh kilometers cubed, but we don't really use that. Okay. We also can convert our volume into milliliters or capacity units. So you can find the capacity, the water bottles of a backpack, all sorts of different things that you can find the capacity of. Okay, that's what we are looking at to be able to do. Here's what I want you to do first. You guys have this formula. To find the volume of this uh parallelogram is A plus B divided by two multiplied by the length. Yeah, that's written on your sheet there. You're like, what the heck is A plus B? Oh, if you look at the second sheet I gave you everybody, it'll list what we need to have. So I'd like you to take the first three minutes until 1020 to uh finish this question off. You can work with a friend. Ready? Go. And y't see if this one. Oh my question. Yeah, yeah. If you look at A. I think it's just like A plus A and multiply by the height type tomorrow. One user A and B. And we have those one. Yeah, and so you can so easy. I think it's different than this one. No, eleven plus seventeen. Yeah, we have to do that. So that's equal to twenty eight. No, literally divided by two. You always buy it. Oh hundred and twelve. Oh that's right. I wouldn't do it or twelve. I have nearby. There's no answer. I'm gonna go study. Yeah, but you only choose like my most lost unit this door. I'm not a logical thing for you. Remember that's one other No, everything else is easy. I would go as easy, fast. Factory, I have no clue how to factor. Okay, bio's right now. MC area. If you do review, it's all done. Factory will understand. Yeah. Do you guys remember anything about bio? Yeah. Yeah, of course. I don't remember a single thing we did on bio. Huh? Seven. I just don't remember it. I don't even know how this guy got a seven. Like you take the test and you just forget everything about the unit. You got a four. No, we both got sixes. You got a seven, he got an eight. Can you do this with seven hours? I feel like we definitely should all take it off. A plus B. It's just falling hard. It's spinning out. It's like my hands like your hair. Is there a reflection of random? Oh yeah, that I see your stuff. That's a good idea. But now we just think of the whole thing. Okay, so how are you going to thin A to go? Alright, everybody, let's take this up together. No. Yeah, I remember. Maybe it's a little bit more than the problem eight. Okay, if you want to talk, you can do an afternoon topic plus five, four, three, two, and one. Thank you. So when we look at a a prism, when I talk about a prism, what I'm talking about is you might take something like the face, a 2D shape like this. So it's a nice, easy shape, and it's the same shape all the way back. You just kind of extend it. Take it like a Prinkles can. Think about the lid of a Prinkles can. It's just a circle. And then it stays a circle all the way through. That's a prism here. When we do that, all we do is we find the area of the face, so the front piece, and then we multiply it by the length. In this case, though, for a parallelogram, everybody. And uh who was it? Charlotte asked really the question, Mr. Louis, do I have to memorize all these formulas? Absolutely not. You will always have your formulas. But you will need to know how to use the formulas. You will need to know what units you are using. Okay? So the formula for this one is A plus B divided by two multiplied by the length. What in the world are A and B here, everybody? Five and 11, you got it. So we have this part right here is considered the A. This part right here is considered the B. Okay? Oh, sorry, I forgot to write multiplied by the depth, right? So let's just sub in some numbers here. A is five. Plus B is 11 divided by 2 multiplied by what here? 8. We have to multiply that by the 8 first. But what else do we need to multiply this by, everybody? 17. Okay, we're going to multiply this by 17. We call that sometimes the depth. It's a few different things inside of your assessment. Okay? I call it kind of like the depth there. So when we do that, everybody, all we have is 5 plus 11, which is going to be 12 divided by 2. So that's 6 times 8 times 17. 6 times 8 times 17. Oh no, sorry. 8 times 8 times 17. My bad. Awesome. Done? Oh, that's right. We forgot to do that. Am I done? No. What am I missing? We have to remember the units. When you're talking about volume, everything is a cube. We're talking about how many little cubes fit into this shape. Okay. So, not too bad. Look at this, everybody. Once again, cones and uh pyramids. Think about the pyramids of Egypt. Okay? There are four sides that are triangles and a base. How we find the area of those lovely pyramids in Egypt, we take the area of the base, we multiply it by the height, and then we divide, or if we divide that by three or multiply it by one third. Grade nine, if you are uncomfortable multiplying with fractions, you have to kind of figure that out. Okay. In this case, it would just be one times everything at the top, and then three times everything at the bottom, which is just three, because there's nothing underneath. So it's really just like having the same as the area of the base, area of the base multiplied by the height, divided by that is the same thing. Okay. Or a sphere. So find the volume. It is four thirds multiplied by pi r squared. In that case, what I would do is I would multiply pi r cubed, sorry, cube. I would multiply it by four, then divide it by three. So we're going to do that one together right now. Okay. I'm going to skip this, let's do this here first. I'm going to rewrite my volume. It is four over three times pi r cubed. Look at this cube, or sorry, sphere. There's only one measurement right now. It's just giving us this five centimeters. What does this five centimeters represent, everybody? The radius. Look at the formula. We have everything we need. Except for the radius, because pi is a number. So in this case, I just sub in my radius, which is 5. 5 to the power of 3. So then 5 to the power of 3 is 15, correct? No. Absolutely not. It's 125. No, it's close. 5 times 5 times 5 is 25 times 5. Oh my goodness, that becomes 125. So what I really have here is 4 over 3 pi. Now I'm going to show you a trick, everybody. So this is just like having 4 over 3 times pi times 125. Guess what? We can actually rearrange it. So it can be 4 over 3 multiplied by 125 times 5. My volume is really then, if I were to punch this in a calculator, would be 4 times 125 divided by 3. That would give us a really ugly number still. 166.67. Crazy. Now to fully. There are two things you can do here, everybody. I'm actually okay, I know some of us may have been taught this. You are welcome to keep it as pi or multiply it and then get an actual decimal. So in this case, the volume is 523. All I did here, everybody, was multiply pi by one sixty-six. Pi is a number, everybody. It is? Okay. Sounds over. Not bad. Let's go back to this one here. I'll leave this up on the board for something. Oh, this is high blood. Yeah. Wait, where do we get the one three from the last one? Oh no. Yeah. Two lines code and big. Wait, just for the same thing. So you don't have to have to make the same thing. You can't leave it like as the higher you have. Okay. Oh, sorry. So both are correct. But as long as both are correct. As long as you have your units. Wow, uh like all three times. Okay, God, I hope not. I won't want to even anyway. Yeah, but you would wait. I'm getting to that. Okay, so we don't want to wait like that. Like two, like you play freaking baby games. Alright, everybody. Let's go back to this one here. Remember that for pyramids and uh cones, the volume is the area of the base multiplied by the height divided by three. Just taking a third of it. Right? So look at this here. What is the what shape is the base of this pyramid here? Square. The square. So if we know that the volume is the base of the area of it multiplied by the height divided by three. How do we find the area of a square? Umth. Length times width of the side times psi, whatever it may be. In this case, all we just do is substitute in some values. Well, they're all 9 by 9. This is square. And we're going to multiply that by the height, which is 7, and then divide that all by 3. Simply enough, it's like 81 times 7 divided by 3 is 189. That's it. 189 is centimeters cubed. That is the volume for that particular square base. Similarly here, everybody, the volume of a cone, again, is the area of the base multiplied by the height, divided by three. I've already written that twice, so let's see. How do you find the area of this circular base here? Pi times r squared. I r squared. Thank you very much. All we need to do, everybody, is just substitute in some values. Pi multiplied by. Well, what's the radius here, everybody? The radius is not, you're right, you're close. What do we have to do? It is 2.5 because it's this I get the sorry the diameter, which is the full distance, where you need half of that. So divide it by 2. 2.5 multiplied by the height of 6. All divide by 3. And from there, you just have to function in calculator. 2.5 times 2.5 times 2.14 times 6 divided by 3 is nice, easy number, 39.25 meters. I'm gonna pull up your exam right now. I'm gonna tell you what questions are on there. Oh no, okay. Okay, get ready to circle and put some uh stars on what it is that you can do. Oh, we're stones. I just know where we can start though. Okay, my question is. Okay, because that tells me. In terms of geometry, everybody. You absolutely will have a question on a pyramid. You absolutely will have a question on pyramid. You are going to look at a sphere and a cube. But there are gonna be no calcul, no measurements giving given to you. What? Can you say that again? But you are going to compare a cube and a sphere. But you are not gonna be given any measurements. How do we figure that out? You have to like verbally. No. Okay. Right now. In terms of your exams, the only thing that you need to know pyramids, spheres, cues. That's it. And then like facility. Oh, you will need to do area. Yeah. Okay. Is there like a few questions on each unit? Correct. So it's gonna be like an hour and a half, two hours? You know that you were allowed two and a half hours for this exam, right? So you have to stay the whole two and a half hours. And wait, this is a good one. It takes two and a half hours to do it. No, no, it's you're given that amount of time. Okay, you have to stay. Wait, that's how it goes. ID. How many periods can you make a bathroom? Wait, how long does that actually take though? Like we're doing almost. But you're allowed to go to the bathroom like while you're writing it. We're doing like all the units with some of the flooring. Are we allowed to like it? I think it's like subject. How long are you gonna take? I'm pretty sure your exams are two and a half hours. Two and a half hours. You are allotted. Yeah, can you really? What'd you get now? I'm sorry. I don't remember. Hey, we've got some homework to do. Here we go, everybody. Pyramid, spheres and keys. So, like how long does it usually take? Yeah. How many pages is it? So seven hours. No, no, no. I've never seen one. You haven't very confused. How am I supposed to solve a cube in a sphere with no measurements? Yeah, and also obviously. And also maybe you have to like still learn that one. It'll be like it'll be ten pages. Ten pages. If you think about it, it's just like all of our pages come back. The last test we did was six, though. Yeah, but there's so much space to write. And it's like four questions. Okay, then maybe about twenty pages, I don't know. There's no way to already make it. Yeah. Do you know she's like I can even tell you I can't give you more time out there and what's the one? She's like just you know, when I went to look at the books, I was like, make sure that I submit it. I can't give you any more time now. You should have done it. Anyway, as I was saying, she doesn't know very close to that. Okay. You said the same sentence. She doesn't close it at the black game right now. So I wasn't in locked in. It's like the last five minutes. Then I like locked and stole her in the last video. Yeah, myself. I was like typing so fast. Ask why. I'm like, so the fucking I type so fast and then I can't. Did you type so fast because you had to audit it? Oh, yeah, it's a good thing. Are you sure there's no piece of paper? Can you guys all share a little bit? Oh my crap. We have to do the homework. You guys can't. Science next. No VA. No science, then VA. We're doing the actual lab. I know. It's like the lab you just fudge the data in the end. It's like each room. What are you doing? The math is like what we have. Oh wait, we have to pick a topic. Oh yeah. Or I mean what you can. Wait, what topic should we pick? We haven't picked. We have not started the lab. Do does that. Wait, was it how does she know the group we haven't started the lab? Huh? Oh, I'm just gonna work with like Chiava and stuff. Of course this guy wants to always this guy, man. Oh my god. You can literally do actually not. No, it's like different versions. No. I swear you can wang this nice. Okay, what do you say? He doesn't mark him. If you mark them, he'd email you. Wait, hold on. What VA? Oh yeah, I did that. I was looking at this in front. Oh those are my kin people. You know I get a four. Um when is our when uh I don't know for now. Wait, but we're not gonna see the marks until after until they're on a report card. Yeah, it doesn't matter what I'm not gonna study for them. It doesn't matter. And I'm not gonna try to do that. Like I'm not gonna like care about it. Outside the classroom, I go like negative hundred. The first and the fourth. It's like the concentration of I'm missing all of our like what? Yeah, but you have national. Yeah, we go all of our French classes. Yo, chill, we don't even do anything in class. Hi, Chloe. She was like, please come on a check total catch over everything done in class and complete homework. You'll be missing a writing travel compared to your writers. Oh did you not? How long is that so big? Like how would you bring on the Sunday and coming back on the wedding? Ah, I didn't even think about animal. But we don't have a place that's 45, yeah. So I'm going to do it. I don't know why you're not really easy. I don't know. Oh, because I do like your whole book seems to be five. But like that's better. I wouldn't make up my story and I have to look at a lower. How about three? Okay, wait, because that I have to look at me. Oh no, no, no. I mean, we don't have to like four minutes. Oh, wait, no, no, no, you don't have to like four. Yeah. Yeah, there's really that. But you're like, um, I don't know. I don't know. I wouldn't want to build that in one. Have you ever watched a game that you like played? Yeah, look at that. It's gonna be underwater. You and Doo do you have really good tactics? You should like come take me on the side. I don't have any until like September. I'll come, okay. No, the code's like okay, so the coach like scouts through the back thing so like in the first ten minutes, okay? And then he like waits until I said that in the game, right? And then we all like rush them. So like let's say you're a really bad attendant, you get the ball, we all just watch them and then score. That's some good tactics idea. You know, yeah, why didn't you? Oh, you know what? No one plays defense in Z. I see. But I don't actually play Dem T. Show them the role. I don't have that anymore. It's actually tough for them. I like grand to the side. Yeah, but like as as I scored it, the rat was one of the worst. It was like the last go zero. And then my whole team ran on celebrating this. Did you jump at me? And then the Chinese guy who's just there almost too. I don't know why they jumped on me. I don't know. Like Oh, Lucas, Lucas. No, but he's like 200 pounds, okay? Yeah, right. Like you know how he always does a fat defenders. Like a really fat player who has like a really good shot. No, like you know, like a sharp and it's always like a fat player. Yeah, just like that. But I got like all that. Oh, yeah. So I don't know. Oh yeah. I don't know, yeah. Twenty minutes in the same way. Oh, yeah. I think we'd be very key to the two. Wait, I don't get how it's just good. Oh this will be are we getting our test back today or tomorrow? Um I think about it. I I don't really get a chance. No, we're not really a lot of things. Bro, what do we make a difference? Like by the time we do board by the time I get the UH. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, that was so weird. Who did that? He's like Mr. Rosebay. I'm like, okay. Yeah. Some people are gonna do well. What was your project? I just have like a maple syrup, right? Yeah, and then I just put like this stuff on. And then transcribing it, bro. It looks like not good right now, but I'll just do it. Well, see what I'm doing. He'll keep rinse. So look, that's what I that's what I'm doing. You're drawing something? No, no, no, I'm gonna like have a wig. No, not me. I'm gonna buy a habit and I'm gonna break it and then cut one side. What are you doing? Yeah, you catch. Well, I actually hate it. Why? Because it's such bullshit, though. Like they're always like, I know if someone has lived in my house. Like they're always like I acknowledge that someone has lived on the I that has paid for my house. I forget to ask. So annoying to you. But that's just how you're and you realize all the like the circuit. So can we explain this now? I need to know. Well, the shimmy talk on the last night was so crazy. About the Omar? No, like we're taking it. I know. No, it was boys. You know, Bothway came to him and she's like, You guys have to be quiet. You're the loudest wonder is okay. Two minutes after she walks out, it was like and and then and we all like warned at the same time. And she's like, who was that? And then we all like no one made any noise. And it just like walked away. She likes it for two minutes. Like, who was that? Like two minutes just like staring at all, and no one said you walked in. Oh yeah, yeah. I didn't know that's all my nine. Actually, they black words. I don't want to. Did you want to let the the one person on the test and go on if this is where I was at all? I sound so messy. I spent like a minute like that. I looked no, I looked at it. I didn't let it have stayed long. I literally read over it a hundred times. And I'm like, no, there's no right. Well, I met over after you left, okay? And I told you to add that, and you're like, no, it's not. No, because I didn't want to do anything. No, it was another question. And you like oh no, I don't know. I promise in that moment I was right. I don't remember anything now, but I probably have one, but it was two. So one when you went for the all-in-how is that in the room. Oh I think the last one. And I couldn't even see this guy. Oh wait, that's what I'm saying. I totally forget the graphics. That's so nice. Like, oh shit. No, this guy had to say the action after every test. And then after we got to the same thing. That was so after every second. Oh I think it's a good thing. Sunday. Sunday. I want one. Sunday. This Sunday. Last Sunday. Happy birthday. Are you thirty seven now? Got it. Actually? Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Oh. I'm just using your two thirty-two. Why do you want? That was like a minute thirty. But I was like scuttering the wood. Oh, but to get back to that's such a bad orchard. Oh, yeah, yeah. They're smart. But also like his voice is good. Yeah, because you could have a suiting voice. I want one as well. I'm 30. Wait, how do you do this? Help me. I don't know how to do this. That's why I have to say that. What is this assessment more? I'm very calculating like he just said like dwellings, like calculate calculating like buildings area. Just do this when you get home as long as you know how to do that, you can't. I don't know how to do it though. Go to chat, take a photo and be like, please tell me learning this like I'm an idiot. Yeah, I know, but I have other stuff to do that's a little bit more important. I asked about 30 emails yesterday. You can only do twenty you can't do thirty consistently. Oh no. But I'm not sure if you're not going to be able to start off. Oh no, I think I have to get into open better. Oh, yeah, you've seen a nice teacher. I can never see. We have a few things in common, you know what I mean? Oh, yeah. Yeah. What the thing that why don't you? That was like an exactly wall. That was just so dumb. Wait, why are you suspended? So you're definitely gonna win. Dude, you know what the red you know if the red fee might seem like a yellow like after the game. Are you allowed to do that? Like someone on my like the coach or something. Like at the beginning of the game, he was like he was like, you have to play dirty against his team. He's like, I don't like this team. I hate this coach, right? He's like he's coaching a shit what you do. Oh god, he's saying, right? Yeah, he's like, excuse my language, but I don't give a shit what you do, right? And then after meetings like found them so bad, okay? After like no one no one touches the coach, okay? Just one dude grab his dick, okay? And then it's like, wow, this is such a respectful team. Like sarcastically, right? Like this ball chief, right? And then someone on my team else, shut the fuck up, you both fuck. And then he's like, Michael, yeah. Whose son is this? And and then another guy on my team's like, he's my yeah. No, no, no. The other coach who got called a ball fucking s like, whose son is this? He's like so mad. He's like looking for the parents, right? Your team said that too. Yeah, so the other coach is like. Why? And then he's looking for like the guy who said the parents, right? And he's like, and he's like, who's this guy's father? And then someone on our team said, I'm his daddy coach. And the one goes in into yellow. I'm not around after the game. What is it? So fun though. Oh. Yeah, I guess. How does like clock work? So what do they do? Like if you get yellow at it. And then like if you get a black one, you're like, Yeah, like your whole children. Do you know another reason why I left Sally, okay? It's because the whole team speaks French except for me, okay? And then at the beginning, the coach is like, I'll talk to in English, okay? But then he forgets I speak English, because everyone else speaks French, okay? So then like during the games, this guy's um always on the pitch for some reason as well. He's always on the pitch, and he's always yelling to me in French. He's always like, and then he says yelling to me in French, and I'm like, I don't know what you fucking say. And I really yelling to me in French, but I don't know what he's saying, okay? And then he like gets mad at me after he gets mad at me, and he's like, I told you alley, and I'm like, I don't know what's going on. I don't know what I had a struggle. How did you not pick up any French then? We played with people Quebec and Italian or whatever, and then they were all speaking French. Yeah, that's exactly what my team does. I don't know what you're saying. Was that div3 or div2? That was like dude. That was like a div2 team. Nobody looked like any of the things. But then I left, obviously. I don't know how to speak French. Okay, bro. I do know. We don't bump my buttons. I know. Wait, I am going to give you back your assessment all the way until all your laptops are closed. You can't catch it to that. My brother doesn't even like it now. Never again. Okay. So overall, um, this was one of the weaker assessments as a group. Okay. I'm pretty surprised by some people here who had a really good track, and then I'm not sure what happened with this assessment. And I want you to think about the timeline of things. Okay. You're given a practice assessment. You were given two weeks of review. So if you did not do what you needed to do, then you need to figure out why you got there. It is up to you to prepare. Okay? There were lots of things going on. I know that. Between sports, trips, all that kind of stuff. I get that. That's why I gave you so much extra time to practice. I gave you two extra review classes that I've ever given this. And this probably is the worst you're ever had. Okay? So what I'm going to ask you to do is this. You are going to read through your assessment and see where you've made your mistakes. I do not want to hear anybody explain to anybody else what they got on. There are going to be people in this room that are going to be disappointed. Okay? I do not want to hear that. Here's what I need you to do though. This is feedback for yourself that you know that you need to prepare for your final assessment. There are three weeks until by the time I leave until your final assessment, really, it's like a week and a half. You need to figure out how you are going to prepare yourself for that final assessment. You will absolutely be given a practice assessment, just like you have for every single one. So if you didn't take the time to do the practice assessment and prepare yourself, then it's gonna show it showed up here and it would show up again on your exam. So you really have to think about how you are going to prepare for yourself. It is not unbelievably bad. It's not like everybody got a zero on it, but it's not great. And you are gonna see all sorts of issues, whether you did well or not. Okay? So read through it, take this as feedback for yourself. What I'm gonna ask you to do is this. Once you're done reading through it, you may tuck in your chairs, clean up your area, and just silently. Okay, you don't have to talk to me if you don't want to. You can place it here. Now I have not had the opportunity to look at these marks with Miss Long. If you feel like you need to have your mark changed for whatever reason, and you can justify it, then I will get it looked at again. Okay? So take a look through, read it. I don't want to hear any. You don't need to tell people what you got. Okay, here we go. Mirror. Ishawn Ali. Paige, Omar. I don't know. I think we have a lot of things. Go to the back. Charlie. Wait, wait, wait. I understand. Yes, sir. Oh, yes, sir. Hold your. I I gotta actually give you a mark. Well, you didn't give me my mark. You didn't give a mark. Oh. Yeah. Okay. If I didn't give you a mark, uh, just give me a second and I'll show you after, and I'll put it. Uh okay, give me a second. I don't read any of the feedback. Okay. Okay, yeah, sir. Alice. I try trust in that. No, I I could fix that, but I think they're all done. Okay, wait, wait. Okay, I'll check. Oh shit. Diego Charlotte. Romina. Wait. Do that electron. Oh, I got the fucking thing, correct? Once you die, please right here. Wait, where did we get our marks? No, but they're not on there. You have to go out. Wait, misses our marks maybe on Toddle? Or like mine doesn't have a mark. No, it's not. Oh you could have just sucked it into your subject. Oh I think that's one glass better. Wait, what did you guys say? I have a plan. It's always a matter of plan. Oh my god. Yo, I was scared I was gonna get a three, but like so. I think there's a huge margin for it. I think it's like a sort of question. And I think I'm gonna. Like was he trying to scare us? I don't even know what purpose. Right now. Wait, Randy. I have an idea. The all of them got three three and now you got five. No no. I have a plan. Shut up, I can make it a six, probably. Because you know how Mr. Hildebrand told me the wrong information. I can go find him on that. Maybe we can put a shit to a six. I dropped my eight. He got a six, he got a seven. I got a seven. He got a six. He flies. Huh? He got a six. He was like kind of scared of the head. You have not got an old. I don't know what eight. Wait, I may have got an eight actually. We gave this guy an eight. In what? Reflecting it. Nutrition. Nutrition, that's right. Yo, Rose. Oh my god. I actually may have got a hill. I promise you circles both. You still get seven. I'm gonna go talk to Mr. Hildebrand, because I can probably push it to a seven or a six at least. I'll give five. Huh? Yeah. No, no, because Mr. Hildebrand told me there's no he had said he looked at the test and David. I I was studying with Mr. Hildebrand, right? I couldn't find Mr. Wii U, right? So Mr. Hildebrand said he looked at the test and there's no equation in life and there's no perpendicular. No, wait, wait, shut the fuck up. No, he told he he said he opened and looked at the test, and then come the test day, they're both on the test, and he's like, Oh, I'm so sorry. I I I did I saw the wrong test and told you the wrong information. I'm like, fuck you! Right. So but then I'll just go ask him and I'll he'll probably change it. It's not my fault. Huh? You can't ask that a weekly. Yeah, I can ask him today. Yeah, but I'll ask you, I'll I'll talk to Miss Wayne. This way, I'll talk to Mr. Hilder and Mr. Hilton. I will talk to this and like outline code. Yeah. Huh? No, because you're not just gonna pop your motion that did this something wrong, but you still haven't proved that you can do it. Fuck me, no, no, but no work because you keep a five and shut up. What about okay so we've got the wrong information, right? Yeah. And like, okay, but then there's still no evidence, like we don't know that you can do it. Like he's supposed to be tested on that, right? Yeah. He's gonna make me rewrite. I don't want to do that shit. I prefer to keep the five and forget about this test. Right? Like five is good enough. Three out of ten. Zero out of ten. Now it's nine out of ten. Now dead ass is that's okay. Wait, is it open? Yes, yeah. Do you all want to actually like words? Nah. I showed it there, oh god, and he was like, This is great words. No, but I see that straight off the internet, is it fit? I might have been able to see it in my opening. You don't even have to do it. Random guy comes in on the ground. Or is he just live at all? I need to see that. I don't think that'd be sad. Sorry. I'm not pretty sure that actually works. It's like a bar. It's too ticked. So if you make it thinner, it'll be smoother. And then that's the basis of the thing. I like the different design. Like if you feel like a video game. I want to take a point. When do you need it? Oh yeah, yeah. Like a tiny. Next Monday, the latest. Oh, you don't like it at the door. Yeah, I know I'm very happy about that. I think you might fall through the same face. Yeah, I know. Yeah, but they're gonna get two. And it's like a third happening wall to hold you, and they failed this test, right? Now straight seven for holding it, right? And right in the title, I've never seen a test worse ever on this one, right? Straight seven seven out of seven. I don't know. I think it's fired like that. You're a death flowing like that. Yeah, like listen. She quit. Oh, I feel like if you like shoulder someone's face, you'd be like, oh yeah, that's 4138. So business idea. You sell them an AI thing that's just scans their face and walk out. Why? I hate it. It's so bad. When did I say that? He was saying it's so tough. I'm don't you're doggy watching? Mr. Tanny. Like the fly. I just needed higher than higher than it's what a mixture. I don't know. Ashley shows me her like this thing? Oh. Where's Randy? And what's standard? Yeah, so I can extend it. Yeah. This is what this is the question that you face when you're in this battle. But you're gonna make it relate to the cloud. Oh no, I asked him. No. Yeah. I'm not telling you. Too far. That's Holmar. No. Never seemed to be a little bit more. Oh, where did some go? I didn't even have a relates to him, though. God, dude. Is that valid? I can deal with him in your glass. I need to deal with him in your class. What? Do you wanna go there? Yeah. Why don't you just ask your parents? Bro, what are these colors in the sky for? Fucking meetard, your phone is not the same color as you myself. Oh, it's probably too tight. Oh yeah, pollen yellow is like four pollen. I just go with small grade. I was saying like how I can catch a bite. And they're telling me every single move I can go. Yeah. Where did Isn't go, bro? This guy's never coming back. I'm going. Actually, never mind, he's back. I was laughed. Bro, I was like meaningless. Okay. When I scored, I did this. Okay. When I scored my pen, when I scored my pen, I did this. Do you see that? Yeah, I did. And then uh I won a pen again. Yo, pass, pass, pass, pet pass. I want to work on my juggle against and I did this after I went. I need to work on my juggling pass. I said this we have to give two different songs. Bro, what are you doing? No! This is like low IQ. I'm not doing good today. One V1. Stop fucking complaining. Why do you always have 1v1 at this B, okay? So you get better. Why would I get better? You have to work your way up. You're gonna just go straight to the best. No, but he's the only person here, and if you know his tricks, you're gonna know this three tricks, bro. No, but like I'm not the best guy to be that I see players. Yeah, of course, but you're also d three. And you also play football. Like every week. He's been playing his whole life. How are you still didn't? Why you don't skip practices? So no, I go there. Nothing's good in the middle. So you did you lose the playoff? You got knocked out first round? No, the Ono playoffs is just a little bit. Everybody that one. No, we made top. How can I do one run of parts for it? Top eight. Out of out of 24 teams. Jacob, you don't think one little teeth? No, get on, stop complaining. Golfing? Why do you why is he so important? Like is he giving you anything other than it's a good thing? Wait, wait, wait, wait. How do you think it is money or not? Jeez, no I just don't mind. No, no, no, I can't, but I just have to have a game. So as soon as you get home, you go do that. Okay. It's a wire to me. It's not like you can r it's gonna rescend it. No, but he said I don't care about $2,000. Yeah, you might just get it. Huh? No, he's playing the long game. The long game? The game of where I feel like I owe him, so I'll give him equity. In the future. Just the price to play. Yeah, you got it. Why didn't he just start his own business bro? Who? Parson. Tried and failed. What's wrong? What kind of business? Fucking marketing retard. See, that's my grand vision for my oh, I found a new name for it. So creative partnership. Creator Partnership Agency. That's my grand vision. I want to be like the TJR or like the Emon Gaussian of like creator partnership. Why? Finance, course selling, AI's better. Yeah, exactly. Just sell the course about that. Can you see Ramgi working in high finance ever? Hi. I know, but you know what that's honestly where I see RavG working. I see some kind of crazy academic comeback. Yeah. Well, see that's the problem. Everyone's just gonna start businesses because there's no more dogs. Yeah, no, it's gonna be too saturated. See that's why I don't want an AI business. I'm not gonna be able to do it. I mean but yeah, but most people are not building AI businesses using AI to build a business, but not building AI businesses. Only tech people are. So all the other ones they're already recorded. The problem with the other ones is like the only spaces that are gonna be safe from AI is like construction. No, no, no. Hell no. Can AI build a house for you? When the robotics comes, w they're fucked. Robotics can't build a house. Building a house is something that's there's so many variables that are. You know what I realized? Construction is such a good industry to be in. You know how much our drywallers make it here? Yeah, but uh you know how much dry will cost? Huh? You know how much drywall costs. Yeah, but do you know what this man has? He's got two like million dollar mansions in like Europe, some in India, he's got some here in Vancouver. Right? Yeah, that's what I wanna get into. I wanna get into like holy fucking shit. And you know what he does? All he does is sit on the desk all day picking up the phone and contracting out drywall contracts. That's great. I send him last time today I'm once if you like the idea, we'll be in contact with you soon, okay? And then and and then we'll never once it's at the last time. Oh my god. That's a no. Oh watch my stuff. That's like my plan. Ow. What does that mean? Yeah, I wanna make like a hundred K a month with the uh creative partnerships and then just keep like just delegate that to like a like a COO and like like high corporate and then all like the empty level stuff will just get like teach them how to use AI agents to do it. Yeah. And hopefully that'll make me like maybe a hundred K a month. Because I can live off that, that. That's cool. And get into like construction. Yeah, I don't want to work in construction. I want to work in AI construction, maybe. Manual labor. Like just like own parts of like and just start investing and like also what if the world goes into war? Then construction gets fucked. What do you mean the world goes into war? Then everything gets fucked except talented. No, after I do maybe like 10k a month and I only work like twenty hours a week on it. Yeah. I wanna start like I wanna I wanna do my trading bot OV. I wanna get someone hire someone, maybe to be able to build that one, pay them like some equity and what makes you think it's a walk in the park to walk in the park, but that's why I want to work twenty hours, not sixty on my creator partnership business. What? I don't understand. But you create a partnership business, it's not gonna be like you're gonna scale to a hundred thousand dollars in a year, it's gonna take you a couple years to do that. No, it's pretty easy. Huh? No, that's a great thing is you're not starting from nothing. The creator already has it, so all you're doing is just selling from them. And it only takes like two, three weeks for it to start making money. Great, but you do understand the the problem is you're the one making the money for the creator. No, it's a fifty fifty. I make I make what makes some money, but then they bring me the money. And you can usually clocked out like uh like it's not as easy as you think it is. It's guaranteed 10x harder than you did like in your head. No, I already looked at it, bro. It's not a good thing. Exactly. That's what I thought when I did everything like probing test, exactly the same thing. I already looked at it and it's a good one. Yeah, but you actually have to build something. I don't have to build anything. Claude has to build something. Claude is incompetent 50% of the time. Yeah, except Claude is gonna get instructions and the coaching offers, like the creator, I just like get the creator give me all the info feed into Claude. It costs like twenty bucks to make, and you just sell it for like twenty bucks and you make the money back up for one. That's the thing, you don't lose money. Like this probably, you're gonna lose like a lot of money. Yes, you will. You're gonna spend like two grain of cards on your money. Oh spend like five hundred dollars of your own money. No, I haven't spent much of my money. Yeah, I probably spent 200 bucks on my money. Yeah, exactly. But honestly, if 200 bucks is the price to entry for I I'm not spending a single more dollar of my money, I'm using invest your money. Okay, and then all these investors are gonna look at you and they're like, okay, I failed, and then you're gonna have to speak. And also you have to spend so much time on it too. You're like doing everything. Yeah, but like, okay, love of the game, cool. And also that's the problem. Like I don't give a fuck about you only get one chance with this business. Right? Well, if it goes to shit and but we do we do something well before it goes to shit, we're fine. Right, you get another chance. Alright. Fucking calling, are you serious? I hate calling. I don't want to please. You're not even breathing that hard. I am. So yeah, let's go. It's 30. I'm great. I'm just trying to 1v1 and zip one right now. Like, why would I want a one v one and g one? Fucking give people using. Yeah, so why would you 1v1 a diff three? One of ziv one. Wow, I don't care about getting getting better. I'm not going to talk about the biggest guy I know. Okay, so you why don't you Okay, so just be the best player on Dip 3. And I'm not gonna do the best players. Land you can't. Like you have to update it. Like I only I only build it once and do it and like every month or so. Like I have to update it, maybe spend five out six hours on it and just update it. Yeah, I guess. But also like how are you planning to get these guys on board? You do understand that they send them a message, you know, no no no, I do understand you send them a message. But first of all, they get a hundred messages a day and they read bas they typically read one. Yeah, of course. All you do is you message them and say, listen, I've been watching your videos for a while, I run a creator partnership basically. I sell uh basically hard notes and help them sell visual products to the audience. Or you pop up in every single one of their comments. No, I'm gonna do it. Until they look into you. No, but like the thing is you can just send them a message and who cares like they don't reach out to you and whatever, but make sure you follow them. And then the easy part is the outs. Like the floor does all the outreach and you just like have them book a call with you for like whatever there's time to just present out for an hour and just present them over too. And actually you can take the file like forward because you just make the potion office for them. That's what I'm saying. No. No, it's like investors. They don't trust too much. These investors I'm talking to are like the anti-college investors. You know what I mean? Okay, yeah, but no, okay, yeah, some investors within like how many people can invest like that many times. Yeah, but y you don't need to go to college if you got if you if you have enough proof under your belt, like a company's giving you a million dollars. Yeah. No, I can't. At the same time, I mean it is every time someone buys our product, it's pure cash. Yeah, but that cash goes back into like a software. It doesn't. How? Explain. But no, that's only for right now. As soon as we have customers, hell no, the first year's not free. Well you have to give them the first year free. No, you don't. How much do you charge for the software? Huh? Well, we're not sure. Like we'll give we'll give a certain we'll maybe get one month free. Okay, one. Not one year. One month free. One month free is gonna cost us realistically twenty bucks. So we build that into our cost. Yeah, but the thing is when the market consolidate, you're gonna get bought out. And that's uh that's a fun. It's not a guarantee because somebody companies doing it. Yeah. But if you're one of the top when the market gets holiday, you're good. Yeah, but you're being cough it's just not working. Yeah, I mean, I don't know. Three five four four. Three five four four, yeah. Why not? Well, we have to hear about it. What did you get? I had one minute. Wait, what is yes? Yeah, but then I'll tell me how long. Twenty four. Twenty four? You sure? If I get a one, I'll take some. Mine was thirty two. Above gas. But it's not the wallet. Mine was pretty quiet. Maybe not higher than me on a couple. Yeah, okay. Mine's already been obliterated. No, mine won't be obliterated. I've got a card. Not everything. Last jerks in like a minute. Yeah, I really wants to know. Oh, it's good. Huh? Two. How do you even get a one? Well, mine was like forty. It's still there. What would you get? Huh? Two. No, but I was like, I got one. I was eating my five. How easy reactor? Yeah. Yeah, but the quality. So what when you just sw switch fifty dollars? Yeah, you're idiot. Yes. No, I'm back. Wish I was a stylish as I L, as scaring as I Lord. I wouldn't we're doing the law. Yeah. What do you what topic are you doing? Huh? We are all our labs the exact same. Yeah, by the way. Is everybody doing the same lab? Yeah. No, I don't know. I can't understand that. Okay, so I don't have to go for anyone. Oh yes. You have to do it to date. So these lines will be shared with you in Hogos. Okay, so there's just more background information there and videos and same stuff. Okay. So I need first criteria to be my Saturday morning. Okay. Wait, like this Saturday or next Saturday? Like what about Saturday night? Saturday night. Saturday night. Saturday morning. Oh, no, I'm marking them. No, it's fine. You can mark them around. Yeah, three or Sunday is my day off this weekend. I'm marking them on that. Okay, Monday. Okay. I won't have to do it. So you guys have been. So for the lab, uh for concentration, there's one or two people were changing. Is there anyone in this analog concentration? No, you're just changing tongue. Okay, perfect. I'm gonna go with order here. So when you were changing the tongue concentr uh the map of the song. These are the what you are weighed out. Okay? So five.75, one gram of one by two five. The balances are down there next to the after on the left on the shelf. Okay? Okay, all right. They only go to one decimal place. So you need to round. Okay? The electronic balance is good. Okay. So we're not worrying about temperature because your temperature is rich at your nose changing that. You will have 10 millimeters of one molar HDM. Okay? You are wearing gloves and you are wearing boggles and your hair is right after now. My hair is tight. This is an acid. If you fill this acid, you just click call me. There is baking soda at the back here behind the after. See that orange out? Arm and hammer. Yeah. You just sprinkle a small base of that on the acid. That is a base. So acid and base that's going to neutralize your acid. And then you just get some paper towel and wipe it and wipe off your painting. Okay? So what happens is there will be a piece here. Okay? So be careful when you're carrying them and keep them on your desk. So when you are getting 10 mils of this, you're going to come up. You have a little beaker. I will pour it in here. Then you get one bead. And you're going to pour it in. You know how you read the meniscus? We wire your gotta get there into eye level. And you put it in. You're doing three trials for each map. Okay? We have some of the tops are already ground up left over from yesterday's class. So you can come and get some. This is your screen glass. Guys, I want you to play just one. Do you know what you're doing, each time? That's what okay? Okay. So the spullets are there behind Omar. Okay. You're going to get a whey boat. You're going to put your calcium carbonate into the whey boat. First, you put this on the weight that scales, easier than scale, yeah. And then you put this in. I would suggest putting this into the test tube first. The way you're going to do it is your powder is weighed out on this. So like that. And put it in like this. Got it? So you have your thumb, your calcium carbonate in here. Then you get your 10 milliliters of hydrochloric acid. Someone is ready with a stopwatch. Okay? Pour it in. It's gonna it might come up to the top, it won't go much low. And just keep timing in until you don't see any more bottom lines. Please make note of things that you're looking at. Is there a residue left at the end? You've got all use it up. Okay? Because these are factors you can talk about at the end of your in your analysis. Okay. Okay. When you are done with those two, it is very important that you don't put acids down the thing. So you're gonna come up here. I have a speaker that says calcium carbonate and hydrochloric acid waste. You're gonna come up, you're gonna pour it in. And I will have a water bottle up here just by over the wheezing bottle. You're gonna rinse out just a tiny bit of water, the excess, pour it in and then you can go to the back and you can rinse them on that. And they go on the black rack to dry. Okay? Who's the guy's name? There should be no residue on your desk when you are leaving. Okay? You have to be tuned down for the next class. So the way we're gonna do this is what class will I show you? Okay. So I'll share this with you, but you're gonna have a spreadsheet. And this. You are gonna, so you don't have to worry about this because it's not cost for changing the height or patent concentration, okay? This is your NASA table. All of you. Okay. So it's going to take uh one of these. Okay? And that's we're doing three trials for those. And we're gonna cool all the data at the end. Okay? So everyone has aone has the same chart. Okay. So it is coming out to open at the end. So we have one, two, three, four, five. So they should be five groups. So would you and uh Indy you can split into a group. Alright? Just remember you are sharing data with everyone in your class. Do not leave your classmates down. Okay? Perform it accurately. Yeah. Oh, we only have newer access. Yeah, I'll change that. Um, so if you were standing up when you were doing this experiment, push your chairs in and stand behind us. The island should be free for a good thing. Be careful when you're getting your job, no pump basic people because people drop it. This is type space for a lab put a group this side. Okay. Um what else is there? If you're unsure, put up behind the pad. Do not be pushing each other around the things or anything like that, okay? Long time at the back, goggles are hanging here. Okay. So I know that you have to meet right there? No. Okay. So we get just one person could be putting the notes in the down the sheet for the um. Oh my god. No. Oh I don't know. I was all right. I can help you. I'll just stand in the background. I think I can oh as a bluff. Oh one right. Yeah, I'm not sure. No, you go back. I don't know where I want. Yeah, but we nice one, bro. I didn't take one. Oh shoot, I have a little bit. I'll just read it out for everyone. What do you think? Did anybody write the path to write a dollar? Oh my god. Oh would no? Can we write it then? Okay. I went to all the time split for the other. How many phones you have to do? Uh sorry. Where's the glass? How many times you cut out? So you pick guys. Why am I wearing gloves though? Don't ask questions. I don't know. Oh my, you take notes, okay? Uh I can mental notes. No, no. Oh, okay. I'll take notes. Yeah. All you do is write things down. We we'll need a paper. It will do it. Uh-ey.